Update scenario management overview from develop (#571)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/scenario_management_overview/step_05/step_05.md

> You can download the code for
<a href="./../src/step_05.py" download>Step 5</a> 
or all the steps <a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>. 

# Scopes

*Estimated Time for Completion: 15 minutes; Difficulty Level: Intermediate*

[Scopes](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/scope.md) determine how Data Nodes are shared between cycles and scenarios. The developer may decide:

- `Scope.SCENARIO` (_default_): Having one data node for each scenario.

- `Scope.CYCLE`: Extend the scope by sharing data nodes across all scenarios of a given cycle.

> - `Scope.GLOBAL`: Finally, extend the scope globally (across all scenarios of all cycles). For example, the initial/historical dataset is usually shared by all the scenarios/pipelines/cycles. It is unique in the entire application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Scope.GLOBAL`: Finally, you can expand the scope globally, applying it across all scenarios in all cycles. For instance, the initial or historical dataset is typically shared by all scenarios, pipelines, and cycles. It's a unique dataset throughout the entire application.
```

        ![](config_05.gif){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block;border: 4px solid rgb(210,210,210);border-radius:7px" }

        - Change the Scope of historical_data to be global
        
        - Change the Scope of month_data and month to be Cycle
     
        - Load the new configuration in the code

    === "Python configuration"

        Modifying the scope of a Data Node is as simple as changing its Scope parameter inside the configuration.

        The configuration is taken in the previous step so you can copy the previous code directly.

        ```python
        from taipy.config import Scope, Frequency

        historical_data_cfg = Config.configure_csv_data_node(id="historical_data",
                                                         default_path="time_series.csv",
                                                         scope=Scope.GLOBAL)
        month_cfg =  Config.configure_data_node(id="month", scope=Scope.CYCLE)

        month_values_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="month_data",
                                                       scope=Scope.CYCLE)

        ...
        ```

> Cycles are created based on the _creation_date_ of scenarios. In the example below, we force the creation_date to a given date (in real life, the actual creation date of the scenario gets used automatically).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cycles are generated according to the _creation_date_ of scenarios. In the example below, we set the creation_date to a specific date (typically, in real situations, the actual creation date of the scenario is automatically used).
```
